the main point why the dog is not
coming to you on a team to me is me
met at ninety percent of those
people that I just saw on my
training sessions and even after our course on
The video I see is the same thing called
wheel of emotion or are we just now they
understand all this how it works you
call the dog you suits you with
second time richer then long stones
remember that you need to plow the players
well done let go of the dog team walk
okay, tass understood that first to you
came up was some kind of negative the next you
call your dog then thinks more
just a little more come a little longer
come to you, too, I ask you to miss
some negative suits you all this
so long approached me now said
then okay well done gave a piece and gives
spent further on the team walk and so
repeats several times and it turns out
constant cheat
dog does not come to you you start
boils annoyed resent him
behavior only this dog is suitable
your indignation irritation she heard in
your voice can be seen your actions
eyes
tank reads it is not if they even
glue such a person why give
the one who does or unpleasant it
very much at all and the dog is hiring you that
command stones can not even perform
on other teams there is no
lenovo team near equal number there
next jerk
he lived all annoyed is a jerk though
in principle there is a sense the sky is a dog somewhere
thought and she just 8 heard that
there is the most important moment in training
dogs that you do not control your
emotions you don't control yourself
you must completely switch your
emotions so that when you work
dogs everything was perfect
in a pony if the dog behaves well as
whatever you boiled inside you're even sincere
tame one emotion to another tass
negative emotions on positive and
praise the dog correctly you must
dogs explain that she is a clever fellow
that she came up and you are happy that she is to
we approached how it can be done
Well, of course the second point is that you are with
require a dog overpriced
or you did not explain for the teams this is the moment
dog training we are with you now consider
moment of emotion because there’s more
just the owner is cut off by those who
the owners really know the theory of training
but they very often stumble on the moment
when could not control myself and not
can switch negative to positive
for example you feel you are starting
boil you start internal so
get annoyed you want that god
disobeyed
The survey does not obey it does not justify
your expectations here are such rise you
such an inner as he can I with him
engaged or not to offend and he sniffs there
something and at this moment only you this
feel you should thats follow and
say wow and i'm annoyed sheep or i
angry and at the same time switch
attention to something else
unusual about pay attention to the same
to positive what can positive
First, we will draw attention to it.
how glad and thankful I am that dogs
I have it as I waited a long time like me
long choose such cool cops were
somehow it's just like a warm emotion
I remember the time of the puppy
the moment we went and took it
how did you play with him right away
similar to streaming to positive and in this
positive stage I can continue to work
the dog because you know the dog feels
your condition is equal to you
as a dog gnawed happy
days vn and if you are for his annoyed
the dog will feel this emotion and
she won't hear you
she would have to know that my mother and after Papazol
truths the one who can command the dog
nose and calm and balanced he knows even
how to behave in any situation
and as a leader we will talk for now
the most important thing now is for him to learn
shout your negative on positive
and it is also important to track their negative and
when you catch
consciously switch and not
get annoyed further when you do it
further glaze whether
and that is, both training is worth two
stages 1 of the technique of training and understanding
dogs and second your emotional
state your homework is you
must for two or three days wear on
arm thin rezinochku and only your
the dog you do not listen to wear not
get annoyed first click all
rezinochkoy track this by no matter
second change it to positive that is
remember as well as thankful
your dog or borrow in principle
something positive about your life and then
I think that currently do
if after drying the team to me mom
learned to clap and run away another
side or there is no team nearby
think maybe he's tired maybe
with very distracting stimuli
the dog is spilled or just need
meeting she calmed down and turned on
brains and maybe the dog is basically tired
that she already simply does not hear you
controls it is necessary to take home about
This speaks more to me now is the
the main thing that you know how to negative
straight with the game the reason is positive
and then everything will go easier